Why don't you die?
You destroyed my home
And my dad's life's work
Yes, it seems to be suddenly stimulated by something
Then he fainted unconsciously
Well, please get the doctor here ASAP.
Although your condition has improved
But remember
Never drink alcohol
And other stimulating things
Otherwise, it will still affect the brain nerves
Once stimulated
Did all the previous efforts go to waste?
It's not that serious
You just have to cooperate
I believe you.
Hold it a little longer and you'll be a normal person
I don't have to suffer from mental illness anymore.
Thank you, Sang Chang
Ah, by the way, Xiaoyan, um
You asked me about that earlier
Why does the brain have blurry images?
All I can tell you is that treatment is like this
He will make you choose to forget some
Painful things
But don't worry.
Oh yeah.
No, I can't let him know about my condition.
Otherwise, I finally found a husband
What if I'm scared to death again?